Integrate blockchain terminology updates (#1765)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/integrate-blockchain/integrate-ui/faucet-transfer.adoc

The *Transfer tokens* page shall provide an interface for users to transfer tokens to other accounts.
To perform a token transfer, a user needs to enter the recipient address, the amount of tokens they want to send, and the transaction fee they want to pay.
They also need to provide their passphrase to sign the transaction.

> Once the `Submit` button is clicked, the provided information is used to create and sent the transaction to the Hello blockchain node.

Reviewer: "sent" should remain in the present tense, as it is part of "[it]is used to create and send the transaction" sentence.

I personally prefer it like that. If you want to use the passive voice anyway, the other valid option could be:

```suggestion
Once the `Submit` button is clicked, the transaction is created from the provided information, and sent to the Hello blockchain node.
```

As a rule of thumb, it is always easier to read sentences in active voice. So perhaps the best option is:

```suggestion
Once a user clicks the `Submit` button, the provided information is used to create the transaction, and then send it to the Hello blockchain node.
```

                <FixedMenuLayout />
                <Container>
                    <h2>Send tokens</h2>

>                     <p>On this page you can send tokens to any address within the Hello World blockchain.</p>

Reviewer 2: This reminds me, we have to make the change in the UI (hello_frontend & boilerplate) example in `lisk-sdk-examples` as well.

Author: I have created an issue: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk-examples/issues/316
